.
[soft xylophone music]
- When I was 18,
I wanted a
tattoo of a panda right here,
on my arm,
but, uh,
my girlfriend at the time
talked me into a heart.
- Stop moving.
- Yeah.
I don't know why I thought
a panda would be so cool.
- Well, this tattoo will guide
the external beam radiation
to within less than
a millimeter of your tumor,
so, also cool.
- Yeah, but three dots?
Three dots is so lame.
Why couldn't you give me,
like, a badass teardrop
or a tiger?
- I get that you're nervous.
- Hmm.
- When will you tell the staff?
- I was kind of hoping
they wouldn't notice.
- Four days in you're gonna
start vomiting constantly.
After two weeks, you'll be fed
through a tube in your stomach.
You won't be able to swallow.
There'll be hair loss.
Weight loss.
What I'm saying is, I think
they're gonna notice.
- They're gonna notice, yeah.
I'll tell them.
Somehow.
- Okay.
Hold. Don't move.
Imagine it's a panda.
- [chuckles]
♪
[sirens wailing]
[peppy drum music]
♪
- So in the middle
of stitching up her arm
she asks for a mai tai.
I was like, "Lady,
does this look like
a tiki bar to you?"
Hey, thanks guys.
I would never have made it
from the Bronx without you.
Next time, drinks
are on me, okay?
Stealing snacks again?
- No name, fair game.
Moonlighting before a double?
- So?
Like you don't.
- Yeah, but I'm not
the department chair.
- Later.
- All right.
- Lauren?
Hey, do you know what kind
of Scotch Floyd drinks?
What?
You guys are buds.
- Yeah, it's just weird
hearing him called Floyd.
- Oh, yeah, right.
It's way more normal to call
somebody by their last name.
So Scotch?
- Uh, if he's paying,
whatever's in the well,
and if someone else is paying,
then top shelf.
Why?
- Uh, it's his birthday.
- Oh, man.
Well, good luck.
- Wait, why good luck?
- Well, it just sucks
to start dating a guy
and then have it
be his birthday.
- Does it?
- Yeah.
If he one of those guys
who loves his birthday.
- I love my birthday.
- Not like he does.
It's impossible.
- So you're thinking
I should get something
better than Scotch?
- Yep.
Good luck.
♪
[elevator dings]
- Ah, thank you.
[metallic squeaking]
[sighs] This is too much.
[squeaking]
I don't even know how to...
[sighs]
[squeaking, thudding]
Oh!
- You got me a FloTech
Cell Sorter for my birthday?
- No.
- Man, you shouldn't have.
- I didn't.
- And yet, here it is.
- I guess HCC decided to
upgrade our old cell sorter.
Which, no surprise,
didn't need upgrading.
- Whoa.
- Maybe your girlfriend
pulled some strings?
- Oh, I don't know; this
machine costs 100,000 bucks.
- Which could have been
better spent
almost anywhere else
in the hospital.
- Yes. Bureaucracy.
- Bureaucracy.
- Here, help me get it to the
OR before someone else nabs it.
- You're keeping it?
- Well, possession's 9/10
of the law.
- It's not, actually.
- Well, then I'm invoking
the "finders, keepers" rule.
Just help me move it.
Come on.
[cart squeaking]
How do you,
do you know how to--
Do you know how to do--
[pager buzzing]
It's broken.
- Yeah, well...
[pager beeps]
Bureaucracy.
♪
- Hup, keep walking.
Keep walking.
- I am still very angry.
Down three
with seven seconds left
and Hardaway's sitting
on a bench?
- And then they don't
call a timeout.
- He's our only
three-point shooter.
- Well, to love the Knicks
is to suffer.
- Would you like to watch
the game tonight...
together?
- I can't.
[stirring music]
- Okay.
- I'm getting my one-year chip.
- Chip?
- For being clean.
- I see.
- It's at the downtown Y.
You could come if you'd like.
That would be...
- Strange to get a reward.
- I mean, it's kind of
a big deal.
- I would think that
the real reward would be
not being an addict.
- Okay.
So I guess you're not coming.
- I have a better idea.
Um...
Knicks game? Next week?
♪
- Yeah.
[pager buzzing]
- Patient.
So I'll--I'll see you
next week?
♪
[peppy drum music]
- Uh, Max.
Can I just get your thoughts
on a patient?
- Yeah.
- Um, locally advanced
pancreatic cancer.
- Amenable to surgery?
- Yes, he's prepped
and ready to go.
- Great, then go for the cure.
- There's a catch.
Cardiology work-up
found a left-ventricular
ejection fraction of 35%.
- That is a catch.
- 90% chance he'll die
on the table.
- But a 10% chance he won't.
- Technically. But those
are terrible odds.
- That's for him to decide.
- I can't suggest he go through
with the surgery, can I?
- Why not?
- Because that's like
me saying to you,
"Hey, let's scrap chemo
and wing it
with precision-targeted
therapy."
- Well, some of those trials
show a lot of promise.
- Some show it makes
the disease worse.
[elevator dings]
But we're not talking
about you.
- Right, but
we have to give your patient
both options, right?
- "We"?
♪
- A man named Daniel
was captured by Roman soldiers.
The general told Daniel
he could make--
- Nurse, can you
give us a minute?
- Thank you, he's all yours.
- [laughs] The story was just
getting good.
- Rabbi Skillman, I'd like
to introduce you
to our medical director,
Max Goodwin.
- Goodwin. Is that Jewish?
- Uh, I believe my
great-great-grandmother was,
but I was raised...nothing.
- Then you're Jewish.
- [chuckles] I'll take it.
- So, Dr. Sharpe.
Do you have good news
for me this morning?
Lot of whispering going on.
- I wish I did.
- Okay.
- It's what you feared?
His heart...
- Work-up shows that it's not
pumping blood very well.
- Mm.
The cherry on the cancer cake.
- There's a 90% chance
of dying in surgery.
- Or a 10% chance of a cure.
- Not great odds.
- The other option
is no surgery.
You can go home.
Spend a year
of good-quality life
with the people you love.
We'll make sure
that you're comfortable.
[stirring music]
- Like any good conundrum,
I believe I'll need some time
to think about this.
- Yeah, of course.
And if you have any questions,
I'm here.
- Take all the time you need.
We just want to make sure
you really consider
both options.
♪
- Okay.
Hmm.
Amy.
I see your...
migraines haven't improved.
And, uh...
your triptans did not help.
- No.
- We can run a second MRI,
but I'm afraid we've exhausted
all the traditional treatments.
- Is there anything else...
- Find a better treatment.
- Yes, Mrs. Chiang.
I'm starting to think
that stress
could be a factor.
And we might think
about counseling
as an alternative treatment.
- I speak many languages,
Mrs. Chiang,
but Mandarin is not
one of them.
- Um, my mom is just saying--
- My daughter is here
for migraines.
- I have a colleague,
Dr. Iggy Frome,
and, uh...ah.
He's a wonderful psychiatrist.
[soft, tense music]
♪
Okay.
- "Dr. Ignatius Frome.
Chair of behavioral health."
- Mom. It's just to talk.
One appointment can't hurt.
- Okay, but what if Dr. Frome
could help?
- We don't talk to strangers
about our problems.
[train rushing]
[intense music]
♪
[brakes squealing,
horn honking]
- [screaming]
.
[tense music]
♪
- What do we got?
- "Failure to fly."
Bowery stop, attempted suicide.
- Escort her out of here.
Would you give me the rundown?
- Amy Chiang. 21.
Got lucky, landed
on the track bed
so the train went
right over her.
Left her with lacerations,
possible patellar fracture.
- Amy, look at me.
Can you move your leg?
- Got her chart.
- Get ortho and prep
for surgery. Now.
- You're not gonna
believe this,
but she was here this morning.
- Why?
- Seeing Dr. Kapoor.
- First generation
Chinese-American.
First to go to college
in her family.
Scholarship. Works full-time
at the family restaurant.
Grades started to slip.
She came in complaining
of migraines.
Medication didn't work,
at which point Kapoor
suggested stress
as a possible trigger,
and then referred her to me.
The next thing you know...
- Only 21.
- Possible undiagnosed
severe depression.
- We saw this
at the Chinatown clinic.
Called it
"the F train disease."
- Never heard of it.
- Well, the F train
runs through Chinatown,
and a lot of women would
use it as a last resort.
Uh, depression can be...
hard to accept
in some Asian communities.
- In many communities.
- Yeah, well, stigma or no,
if we don't help Amy,
she will probably try
to kill herself again.
[cart rattling]
- I've never seen anything
so beautiful.
- What does it even do?
- Oh, nothing, you know,
just separates
the white blood cells
from the red blood cells
with the flick of a switch.
Best birthday present ever.
- [giggling] You really
are a birthday dork.
- My mom worked two jobs
seven days a week,
but every year on my birthday
she took the whole day off
and took me to the bookstore,
where she bought me
as many books
as I could carry.
- [laughs] Correction.
You are just a dork.
- No way.
It's the wrong connector.
It's not compatible
with any of the machines.
- Call an electrician.
- No, we'd have to upgrade
the whole OR.
This is just $100,000 worth
of useless junk.
- Quality genes.
I bet he's smart, too.
You don't get abs like that
without crushing the SATs.
- When I want input
on my choice of sperm donor,
I'll let you know.
- Right.
Has the rabbi decided
on the surgery yet?
- I usually give my patients
a little more time,
you know, when it comes
to life-and-death decisions.
- Well, you know,
in poker they say,
"You think long,
you think wrong."
- Well, that's interesting,
because in oncology we say,
"Do the opposite
of poker players." [laughs]
- Well, let's see what
the patient has to say.
- No. Max!
- Hmm?
- I think you're getting
too invested in this.
- Really?
Isn't this the same amount
of "too invested" I always get?
I take it,
if you were the rabbi,
you would take the year.
- I have my reasons.
- Well, I respect
those reasons,
except they're ridiculous
because a year is nothing.
- A year is everything
if it's with someone
that you love.
- There's a year, and then
there's a year with cancer.
Believe me, most people
would take the surgery.
- Max. Signatures.
- Dora, my dear, how are you?
- Ah, good, thanks.
- Actually you're not.
- I'm not?
- You have terminal cancer.
- What?
- Ah, you're settling a debate
between Sharpe and me.
- Oh, do I have to?
- Choice one: get a surgery
that would cure you.
Right?
Or choice two:
go home, do nothing, and die.
- Definitely the surgery.
- No, hang on.
Max is trying to sway the jury.
Here's the real situation.
Option one: have a surgery
so risky
you're more likely to survive
a plane crash,
or go home and have
a good year with your family
living in peace and comfort.
- Definitely the year.
Can I be done now?
- No.
- Yes.
Thank you, Dora.
See?
It's all in the presentation.
- He's doing the surgery.
It's a no-brainer.
- I'm not doing the surgery.
The risk is too great, I...
I was prepared, but now...
90% death rate?
I'm a Jets fan.
Historically, luck has not
been in my favor.
- [crying]
- Hey, hey, hey.
This is the path
God chose for me.
We're gonna have a good year.
- You could take more time...
to decide, if you want.
You can...
go home and talk it over
with the rest of your family,
your congregation...
- I-I'm--I'm at peace
with my decision.
I accept my circumstances
for the way they are,
not the way I want them to be.
- We both do.
- I want the year.
- And New Amsterdam will be
here to support you
every step of the way.
- Thank you, Dr. Sharpe.
- Now let's talk about
what comes next.
- Mm.
- We're going to connect
you with staff members
who will discuss home care
and medication.
Rebecca's going to be
incredibly important.
And the focus of this year
is you.
Your comfort.
[somber music]
- Mrs. Chiang.
- How is she?
- Amy is stable.
- When can I take her home?
- Hi, um, I'm Dr. Frome.
Dr. Kapoor gave you
my card earlier.
I just wanted to say
I'm very, very sorry
about what happened today.
When your daughter
gets out of surgery,
we would like to discuss
inpatient psychiatric care
with you.
- She's not crazy.
She's a good girl.
- No, no, we know that.
We know she is.
She just needs help.
- We're going to go now.
- Okay. We want what's best
for your daughter,
and I'm sure you do too.
But, uh, you're not
the patient here.
Amy is.
Mrs. Chiang,
your daughter jumped
in front of a subway train.
- She didn't jump.
- I beg your pardon?
She slipped.
♪
[child crying]
[chair squeaking]
[chair slams, crying continues]
- Come here, baby.
Come here.
♪
- Studies found
that docs working shifts
of 30 hours or more
end up making
36% more mistakes.
- I'm fine.
I'm a polyphasic sleeper.
- That's not a real thing.
- Me and Thomas Edison.
We thrive off of short naps.
- Define "thrive."
You gave the subway jumper
20 milligrams of morphine?
Is she dead?
- No. Two. 2 milligrams.
It's a typo.
I didn't submit it.
I was gonna proof it.
- 36%.
- Shut up.
- Okay.
[crying continues]
[indistinct voice on PA]
[intensifying
electronic music]
♪
.
- Hey, Doc.
- Hey.
Thought I was gonna miss you.
- Everything all right?
- Yeah, um...
Uh...
[quietly] I--I need to ask you
a question.
And, uh...
this isn't me,
Dr. Goodwin, asking.
This is, uh...
This is me, Max.
- What is it, Max?
- That decision you made...
I don't think
I could have made it.
And you seem so at peace,
I mean...
real, in your bones, at peace.
- You want to know
how I can be at peace
when I know I'm going to die?
- Yeah.
- Do you know the story
of Abraham and Isaac?
- No.
- Okay, so...
Abraham and Sarah
have no children.
But when they're very old,
God gives them a son, Isaac.
And then God asks Abraham
to sacrifice Isaac.
Kill him.
And he'll reward him
with as many children
as there are stars in the sky
and sand in the sea.
And Abraham, being a good
and faithful man,
takes Isaac up the mountain
to sacrifice him.
And God rewards him for it.
That's choice one.
- [chuckles shortly]
- But what if Abraham said no?
What if Abraham said,
"There's lots of stars
in the sky,
"but only one Isaac,
"who I waited 100 years for,
"and I'd rather spend the time
I have left on this Earth
with him and Sarah,
reward be damned"?
That's choice two.
Two impossible choices.
So I took the one
that makes me happier.
- I have a confession.
- Wrong religion,
but I'm listening.
- I have cancer.
[clears throat]
[stirring music]
- I'm sorry.
- Chemo stars tomorrow,
and, uh...
what I'm learning is that
I'm not a good patient.
[chuckles]
'Cause I'm...scared.
And I'm frustrated.
And I'm angry, you know?
♪
I don't--I don't know
what to do. [breath hitches]
- Cancer changes everything
and nothing at all.
♪
- [breathes deeply]
- [distorted] Where is
my sandwich?
[overlapping voices
and coughing]
I need a sandwich!
I need a sandwich.
- Would you mind
checking it out?
- Yeah, no problem.
[indistinct voice on PA]
[spacey music]
♪
- How are you feeling, Rodger?
- His asthma seems better.
[distorted] Do you know
how much longer
we have to stay?
- I'm sorry, what?
- When can we go?
- Yeah, uh, since your husband
uh, also has hypertension,
we're going to need to watch
his pressure overnight.
I'm afraid the recital's gonna
have to wait.
- Is he gonna be okay?
- Absolutely.
♪
- Okay, you were right.
Polyphasic sleepers are real.
- Yeah, uh, you were right too.
Um, I'm gonna hit
the on-call room
and just crash for five.
[thud]
What the?
Can someone get whatever
the hell this is
out of my ED?
- You better be ready
to party.
- What?
- Uh, I thought about
what you said
and I decided to throw Floyd
a surprise party
right after work.
- Right.
Great idea. He'll love it.
- Just a few more
quick questions.
Cake or pie?
- Neither. Uh, cobbler.
Peach.
- Does he like karaoke?
- Only if he can do
power ballads.
- Can't wait to see that.
- You can't, really?
- Are balloons too much?
- Nothing is too much.
- Thanks, you rock.
[knocking]
Dr. Bloom?
I could really use your opinion
on the patient in Bay 3.
Did you have a good nap?
- Hi there, Amy.
I am, uh, I'm Dr. Frome,
I believe Dr. Kapoor
spoke to you about me earlier?
- Um...
- Do you mind if I sit?
Thank you.
Okay, so.
[clears throat]
I would like to talk to you
about what happened today.
You are very lucky
to be alive.
You know that, right?
Okay, tell me if any of these
feel true for you.
Can't concentrate at school.
Chronic fatigue,
but you can't sleep.
You feel like a failure
despite your
many accomplishments.
Feel hopeless.
- I thought it was stress.
- That's depression.
And millions of people
suffer from it.
- I have a lot of good things
in my life.
I shouldn't have depression.
- Yeah.
Depression doesn't work
that way.
But the good news
is it's highly treatable.
[soft music]
- How?
- Well, the first step
is to ask for help.
I like to start
with talk therapy.
- What if my mom found out?
Or my dad?
They'd think I was acting weak.
- I think it's a good thing
to talk to others
about our problems.
- I'm on my parents' insurance.
- Okay.
- They would know
I was going to therapy.
They'd think I was
talking about them
or telling family secrets.
♪
They'd stop talking to me.
- Amy...
- I can't.
I'm sorry.
- Okay.
Amy shouldn't have to suffer
because her community is afraid
of mental illness.
- It is not about fear.
It's about shame.
- No, it's about stigma.
- You have to understand
that they are afraid
of what others think.
- Yeah, well, who cares
what others think?
- Look, we all want
what's best for her, okay?
But we can't fight every
cultural stigma in one day.
- Told you it was stigma.
- It's shame.
- We've got a patient that
we want to help,
but we can't help her
because of all these
stupid insurance forms.
- You're right.
- See?
About what?
- Downcode it.
- Are you serious?
- I had to do it for girls
whose parents
wouldn't allow them
birth control.
Billed it as
"round ligament pain."
- Huh.
- We would look incompetent.
- But you'll help the patient.
- You want us to defraud
the hospital?
- Exactly.
- Okay...
[peppy drum music]
♪
- Max.
What the hell did you tell
the rabbi?
- I have no idea
what you're talking about.
- After you talked to him,
he changed his mind.
You have just talked him
into a risky surgery
that will most likely
lead to his death.
.
- Sorry, Jane?
Give us a second.
Please?
- You're wondering why
I changed my mind.
- I am praying it is not
because of me.
- What can I say?
You made a good case.
- This is a high-risk surgery.
And for me to tip the scales
in any way
with my own baggage
is the definition of unethical.
- Tough luck.
You did.
Max.
- Rabbi.
- Max, I make my own decisions.
Yeah, I could be home
with family.
But I'd still be a patient.
That's not the life I want.
- But--
- If I do this,
tomorrow I'll be better
or I'll be dead,
but I won't be a patient.
- Not sure that clears me
of the malpractice suit, but...
- [chuckles] Max, go.
I absolve you.
- Wrong religion.
- Oh, now you're being picky.
- [chuckles]
Sorry. Rabbi?
Did Abraham actually sacrifice
his own son?
- No.
An angel came down
and stopped him.
But he was going to.
And it was enough
to pass God's test.
And God rewarded him
with as many children
as there are stars in the sky
and sands in the sea:
the Jewish people.
Some things are worth the risk.
[hopeful music]
♪
- Why is there a cell sorter
in the hallway?
- It won't connect
to the other machines.
Bureaucracy.
- Tell HCC
to take it back.
- They won't.
It's like we're working
for the army.
- Well, it can't live here.
- I know. Can you take it?
- And do what with it?
- I don't know.
But it's my birthday.
- Dr. Goodwin, Sandra Fall
from billing.
- Yes. You left me a message?
- Yeah, and you didn't
call me back.
- I knew there was something
I forgot to do today.
- Um, are you aware that
two of your doctors
are downcoding?
- Downcoding?
- Yeah, it's when doctors bill
for something small
but provide
more expensive care.
- Why would they do that?
Because if they were upcoding,
they could make money,
but downcoding--
- Yeah, exactly.
So they told me
to put down CPT code 90868
for transcranial
electrical stimulation
for patient Amy Chiang,
but that doesn't require
three weekly sessions
in the psych ward,
so I will also notify--
- Okay, you got me.
I told them to do it.
I just hoped they would do it
a little better.
- Uh, wait, you told
your doctors
to extort money
from the hospital?
- Well, it sounds really bad
when you say it like that,
but, uh,
we were just trying
to help a patient.
- Yeah, and it's my job
to make sure
the hospital has enough money
to help all our patients.
[thud]
- When is somebody
gonna get this thing
out of here?
- You bring up
an excellent point.
- So how do you intend
to make up the lost revenue?
- Would $100,000 cover it?
- You can do that?
Call therapy something else?
- We want to get you
the help that you need
any way we can,
so we're gonna
start therapy in here,
while you're in recovery,
three times a week.
And, uh, and I will navigate
your school schedule
and your work schedule.
Your mother will never
find out.
- But it's a lie.
- On paper, yes.
- [chuckles wryly]
And what will I tell
my mother
when she asks
about the brain stimulation?
- Well, you can tell her
it was very stimulating.
- So then I will be lying
to my mother.
And to my father.
- It's...
it's for your mental health.
- She'll know.
And even if she doesn't
say anything...
she'll judge me.
- I can teach you some
coping mechanisms.
- She won't...love me the same.
Is there a coping mechanism
for that?
- The downcoding will work.
But it's not gonna help,
not in the long run.
The stress of having to lie
to her family
is only going to exacerbate
her depression--
her sense of isolation.
- Our only option is
to work around the mother.
- I think that's the problem.
I don't think we should
work around her.
I think we should bring her in.
- For therapy?
- Yeah.
They need to do it together.
- The whole reason
we are here is because
the mother is against
talking to anyone.
- I know, but we have
to get her on board,
or we're gonna lose Amy.
- Okay.
[tense music]
[door opening]
- Rodger Conway's
gone into A-fib.
- What?
- Sorry, I can get
someone else.
- No, just, just give me a sec.
- No, we can handle it.
- I'm fine. I'm fine.
[alarms beeping]
- SVT. Ventricular rate of 160.
Dr. Bloom?
- Uh, how's the patient?
Any chest pain?
- I would ask him,
but he's unresponsive.
- Okay. Uh, carotid massage.
- He's a set-up
for carotid stenosis.
He'll stroke out.
We need a heavy hitter.
- Okay. Okay.
[alarms beeping rapidly]
- What do you want us
to do, Dr. Bloom?
[beeping continues]
.
- Dr. Bloom, we need
your instructions.
- Yes.
- Yes?
- BP's down to 95/50.
- Dr. Bloom.
- Okay. Okay.
[alarms beeping]
Okay.
Atenolol, 5 milligram, IV.
- You mean adenosine.
- No, I said atenolol.
Atenolol.
- All right.
- Got it. Here.
- BP's down to 90/50.
- Mr. Conway?
Are you with us?
Still unresponsive.
- The medication will take
a minute to work.
- BP's down to 86.
- He's about to convert
to VTACH.
- Blood pressure's
still dropping.
- We usually shock this rhythm.
- Don't. No.
This med will work.
- We need to shock him now.
- No, j--just wait.
[alarms beeping]
[intensifying music]
♪
Just stop!
[beeping slows]
- He's back.
- Normal sinus rhythm.
The medication worked.
- What just happened?
- You're okay, Mr. Conway.
It's okay.
You're okay.
[machines beeping steadily]
- Okay, one last
quick question,
and it's kind of funny.
How old is Floyd going to be?
- I don't know.
He's not my boyfriend.
We just slept together
a couple of times.
- [sighs]
♪
- There must be a part
of you that knows...
that your daughter
did not slip...
that she tried to end
her life today.
I know it's hard to accept.
When a child needs help,
one may think,
"I did a bad job as a parent."
One may wonder,
"Why I didn't see
the signs sooner?"
Our children aren't perfect.
And why should they be?
We are not.
- He's a good man.
Does that count for something?
- In here, no.
But...
everywhere else, yes.
- [sighs]
He was always going to do
the surgery, I think.
He just needed to explore
the alternatives
to know it wasn't for him.
- Do you...
resent him for it?
- I love him for it.
[soft music]
♪
- Hi.
Just came by to check on you.
How you feeling?
- Hmm, like I've been hit
by an F train.
- Whoa.
Solid.
Solid jokes
are a very good sign.
- I'm sorry I can't go
behind my mother's back.
- You know... [clears throat]
You are obviously
a very, very loyal,
very caring daughter.
I see that.
And you're part of a very
tight-knit, close family,
and you care what they think.
- I know it sounds...
silly...
but...
the hardest part
of every day is...
just getting out of bed.
♪
I lay there thinking about
all the things
I have to get done.
I imagine it all in my mind.
And one by one,
I fail at everything.
I don't finish my schoolwork.
I'm late for work.
I say the wrong thing
at home, and...
then I think maybe
I shouldn't even try.
So I lay there for a while...
All the time, wishing
that I could
just tell my mom...
[voice breaking]
How much pressure I feel
to make her proud.
- Ma!
- I told your mother
how we will
bill your insurance.
- [sobs]
- She said it was quite clever.
- I--yeah, I would like to--
if it's okay with you--
see the two of you together.
- I want you to get better.
- I'm sorry.
I need help.
♪
- We all need help.
- [sobbing]
[both crying]
all: Surprise!
[all cheering and clapping]
[whooping]
- Yeah, dawg!
- Yeah! [laughing]
- Did you do all this?
- It's no big deal.
- Thank you.
Seriously.
How amazing are you?
- Aww.
[all oohing]
[cheering and cooing]
- Paging Dr. Reynolds.
You are urgently needed
in the karaoke department!
[all cheering and clapping]
- How did you know?
- Honestly, Bloom told me.
- I believe I said
"urgently needed"?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, come on!
- Whoo!
[all clapping]
- ♪ Ooh, child
♪ Things are gonna
get easier ♪
♪ Ooh, child
♪ Things'll get brighter
♪ Things are gonna
get easier ♪
♪ Ooh, child
♪ Things'll get brighter
♪ Someday
♪ We'll get it together
and we'll get it all done ♪
♪ Someday when your head
is much lighter ♪
♪ Someday, yeah
♪ We'll walk in the rays
of a beautiful sun ♪
♪ Someday when the world
is much brighter ♪
♪ Ooh, child
♪ Things'll get brighter
♪ Someday
♪ We'll get it together
♪ And we'll get it all done
♪ Someday when your head
is much lighter ♪
♪ Someday, yeah
♪ We'll walk in the rays
of a beautiful sun ♪
♪ Someday when the world
is much brighter ♪
♪ Brighter
♪ Ooh, child
♪ Things are gonna
get easier ♪
- Rabbi Skillman's surgery
is looking good.
- Yeah, I got a text
from Dr. Anders.
I'm so relieved.
- Rolled the dice
and came up huge.
Maybe you should do the same.
Choosing a donor.
- I still miss him.
His name was Muhammad.
Internal medicine.
One of the good ones.
We were completely out
of our minds for each other.
You know what that's like?
He asked me to marry him.
We were gonna have kids.
The whole thing.
- You broke up?
- Brain aneurysm.
All our plans, just...
And now here I am,
freezing eggs
and asking strangers for help.
[chuckles]
I feel like I'm b...
I feel like I'm betraying him,
and I--I don't know
if it's worth it.
- It's worth it.
[faint laughter
and karaoke music]
- ♪ Don't you
♪ Forget about me!
[music continues]
- Reynolds.
[laughing]
- ♪ Don't you
- We should stop him before
he moves onto prog rock.
- Yeah, I didn't even know
he could go that high.
- [laughing]
- I mean, that is...
And would you cancel
my chemo tomorrow?
I wanna try precision-targeted
therapy.
- Clinical trials?
- Mm.
Chemo's gonna take the life
out of me, and I...
I wanna keep running
this hospital.
I want to be there
for Georgia and the baby.
- Max, we had a plan.
- I know, but I don't
want to be a patient.
I just want to be myself.
- It's too big a risk.
- It's a risk I have to take.
- ♪ Oh-oh-oh
- ♪ Ooh, child
♪ Ooh, child
♪ Things'll get easier